All right.
Welcome back my students.
So in this lecture what I want to do is I want to create a migration and a model for category.
The reason why is because I don't want to leave this like this here even though we're not going to be
creating the pages.
Now we're not going to create a forum for creating categories or any of them or anything like that we're
not going to deal with that now.
But I want to create the table and put some data so that where we can pull it out here.
That way when we create the edit page for polls we have some data right now where we don't have to come
back and deal with this later.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's create a migration real quick.
And if you want to do some comments right now you're welcome to do it.
All right we got the.
As a matter of fact let's just do it because if I don't do it some of you were not doing either so I'm
going to get ad and to get comment.
And she's going to say
able to create create polls which static
category.
OK.
There we go.
All right cool.
That way we know where we are.
All right.
Good log.
We've got a couple of comments here OK.
Whoops
.
All right.
So let's create the migration ph Fiore's and make it actually model.
And we're going to call this model the category or category.
Cool.
All right.
There we go that's a moderate here.
All right we're going to set it up right away.
I swear to I don't want to come back to this later protected a level and we're going to have a name
for it.
That's it.
OK.
Subregions you can see we're going to go to post real quick and we already have their relationship with
category.
OK great.
So we have the migration is go to the migration real quick
and let's just create a name column.
Cool looks about right and it's migrating.
And I agree.
Let's go back here fresh and let's go to Gregorios now.
Let's insert a couple of categories real quick.
We're going to save THP of course as the main guy right here a category not category.
Alero well and two to do.
Let's go and say javascript and bootstrap
oves I think ignore one of them.
Check it out real quick.
OK.
We've got a couple.
All right cool.
All right so now that we have the migration we have the model we have the Master Simon we have some
data we're good to go in the next lecture we're going to keep working on our posts and trying to bring
this category to work here.
OK.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture